Sandstorms disabled two of the helicopters, so the commander ordered the mission to abort.
He had been on the line for awhile and almost forgot what he was calling about.
They say they drink to forget their troubles and then that's all they talk about.
The danger to any management reform is that it can become a hollow, paper-driven activity.
You would be well advised to book lodging, dining, and even tours in advance.
Before launching into a large-scale investigation exploratory studies are advised.
He filed it away for further work and never touched it again.
If you try to make any moves, you'll endanger yourself and the airplane.
CD players let fans program the track sequence, wrecking the continuity of albums.
There's been a very long history in society of problems with alcohol.
I did catch the debate last night, as well as a fair amount of post-game analysis.
I urgently needed something to justify my unreasonable anger.
Children especially enjoy having a chance to feed the animals.
I'm not trying to be like anybody or different from anybody.
The whole feud could have been settled a long time ago with a quiet apology.
Rodeo Drive is known for its pricy upscale designer shops and apparel.
The small, lovely cloister has curious, rather Arab-style arches.
The Khmer Rouge tried Pol Pot for genocide and sentenced him to life under house arrest.
The Temple Bar Gallery exhibits the work of up to forty resident artists.
He has the resilience of the legendary phoenix that rises from the ashes.
The names of persons and places in the narrative will be familiar to the audience.
Development of the screenplay was done by a team of three authors.
When the rajas ruled Bali, they organized the various crafts on a village basis.
It is hard to see any anti-competitive danger that justifies the denial of benefits.
The American people are entitled to expect their government to do its very best.
Handicappers put the candidate's chances at even money or better.
He wanted all the children to be able to learn how to ride a bicycle.
The rapid rate of sequence acquisition has revolutionized molecular biology.
Proponents are wrongly using the data to justify mandatory application across the board.
A short walk up the hill brings you to the college, a quiet campus of brick buildings.
Vitamin E, Grape juice, and aspirin thin the blood and reduce cholesterol buildup.
The judge called for ballistics tests to determine if the gun fired the lethal bullet.
If you intend to start early take warm clothing and don't forget your camera.
Certain preventive measures can reduce the chances of one's developing cancer.
Without doubt, constant intoxication of any form will hurt one's work capacity.
High-paying technology work has displaced the civil service as the most desirable career.
The officer was placed on administrative duty while the grand jury examined the case.
Most baccarat tables are located in quiet, sequestered sections of the casino.
On the beach, a precocious child surveys her friend's demolished sand castle.
We grouped the databases into ranked categories and ordered them within each category.
The first floor of the museum is home to major works of art from the 19th century.
Guided tours will show you the Capitol's principal halls and chambers.
Despite its greatness, the museum came about somewhat by chance.
I'm curious about your thoughts on the coming millennium change.
The airline companies did try to economize on the costs of the required changes.
The DA wants to justify the death penalty by adding an additional felony charge.
Edinburgh has throughout most of its history been a very compact city.
She has a seemingly impossible task of trying to keep such a crowded home neat and clean.
Lombard territory split Byzantine Italy up into segments ruled from the coasts.
Statistical mechanics relies on the same probability as the flipping of a fair coin.
Thirty years is a long time to be part of the law school community.
Significant noise reductions will go a long way towards addressing local concerns.
The poet laureate is considered an officer of the Library of Congress.
Fashion history claims that the Modern Woman was created when women gave up corsets.
Larger and more lavish stadiums translate into greater land and construction costs.
The suspect did have a history of confessing to crimes all over the country.
 With proof of their home club membership, golfers can often play on private courses.
In the park you have a chance of spotting the endangered whooping crane.
Sometimes, it seems, we forget that "justice for all" is part of our national creed.
The rapid increase in attention-deficit disorder is a striking example of diagnosis creep.
It is hard to overstate the influence of movies and TV on popular culture.
The magazine article traced some promising development in the search for a cure.
In a period of rapid expansion, towns and counties were being established almost daily.
Native people used a drum to tell the time and warn the community of danger.
The alert fighters at Langley Air Force Base were ordered to battle stations at dawn.
The court ruled that the attorney-client privilege continues after the client is dead.
When the evening promenade disperses, the streets of the old city practically deserted.
Spitting tobacco juice into the Styrofoam cup is a nice detail.
The reduced version of a long document is commonly known as a digest.
Please indicate to which charity you would like your donation to be directed.
Nowadays more and more people grow up with no history of disease.
Berger met twice with Tenet in April to try to resolve the dispute.
Our congressman has done little to promote the economic development of our district.
Among the other popular water sports you might try are snorkeling and scuba diving.
Forget about the vague fear of the nameless, otherwise known as dread.
Packaged teas are quite affordable in the land that invented this drink.
Drivers use symbols all the time to know how and where to drive.
One of the oldest ongoing car clubs in Los Angeles is named the Dukes.
She longed to turn around and give the complainers behind her a good earful.
Land is defined as the solid part of the surface of the earth.
The Maritime Museum traces the history of the port and its impact on the region's economy.
I know we are all grateful for the benefits received from our education.
Several staff member are engaged full-time in launching a new marketing effort.
While he wasn't directly implicated, his complicity wasn't ruled out either.
Circuit Court of Appeals eventually got around to ordering a new election.
Second hand smoke has been suggested to play a role in the development of emphysema.
The courts ruled that the first lady should be treated as a federal employee.
Six months seems like a fair amount of time to date someone before getting engaged.
 Some folks are reluctant to sign up for the benefits to which they are legally entitled.
Given the shape I'm in, by tomorrow morning I'll have forgotten the entire episode.
They say they are just exercising their right to teach their version of events.
Gold is a yellow, malleable metal familiar to everyone.
The sales price of a house may include the fair value of items received in exchange.
The party is trying to appear inclusive when in reality it is exclusive.
The subjects classified as inactive reported no regular physical exercise.
Obviously, some obese individuals are unfit and become breathless on exercise.
Unfortunately for most people, it's always easy to find an excuse not to exercise
The service unions' fight to organize in Las Vegas has been more successful expected.
It goes without saying that the duty of the writer is to explain.
For those who look for solitude, there are many quiet islands to be explored.
They have to justify their own budget by amplifying the threat factor.
Alzheimer disease is the outcome of multiple genetic and multiple environmental factors.
Everyone has a stake in making our justice system accessible and fair.
The holiday season is a particularly difficult time for many families.
Meanwhile, the World Cup coverage exalts players who focus on their families.
De facto power was exercised by the militarily and economically strongest family.
Instead, the company dismissed the adverse ruling as the first round of a long fight.
Chelsea is fair game because she's an adult and a public figure.
Not long after she moved in, the mobile home was demolished by fire.
It is generally a good idea to start with some warm-up exercises first.
Companies offer quiet nap rooms, reasoning that midday naps help workers maintain focus.
The posturing of hostile neighbors justifies India's own show of force.
Things of a traumatic character are more likely to be remembered than forgotten.
Oprah is also one of the very few celebrities who hasn't forgotten where she came from.
To immature minds, the message may be simply that brutality is cool and funny.
His way of seeing things is too familiar to surprise us and too predictable to be funny.
He complained his players didn't share his passion for the game.
The dental museum shows you their tools, techniques, and a few molar-sized bits of gold.
As a skilled lawyer, he built a hugely successful trial practice before running for governor.
Have a long lunch at one of the many taverns along the beach, the seafood is great.
He doesn't like its glitz and disapproves of young players' greed.
We all know that solutions to difficult problems don't just happen.
She could not recall what was said by any members of the public at the hearing.
The chancellor announced the pledge as the largest single gift in the college's history.
Lovers Retreat , Texas has a violent rather than a romantic history.
Current pro-golfers declared Woods the best player in the world and possibly in history.
Rotary phones have the familiar dial, with a circular motion and finger holes.
Alcohol sales, gambling, and dancing were banned for a time in Honolulu.
The Pentagon admits that the bombing campaign has been less successful than hoped.
A tornado ripped through Salt Lake City, killing one and injuring hundreds.
If something is extremely cheap, chances are that it is a clever imitation.
In ancient times Corinth rivaled Athens in its power and influence.
I advise you to forget your parents' opposition and trust your instinct.
The historic church on this quiet street dates from 1688 and has a beautiful interior.
Chinese cooking lands in Cuba, and Cuban-Chinese cuisine is invented.
Desmond Fountain is a Bermudian sculptor whose work can be seen all over the island.
No people more joyfully live up to their legendary image than the Italians.
A Time story says the electric-car movement is running out of juice.
The nurse asked detailed information on consumption of citrus fruit and juice.
The officers of the court go to enormous lengths to choose unbiased jurors.
Everyone named in the scandal has denied allegations of this kind.
The history of Hawaii reads like the story of a mythical kingdom.
Your contribution to Goodwill will mean more than you may know.
The District Attorney said he was hoping to send a message to other lawyers.
A big part of legal aid's success depends on pro bono, or free, work by lawyers.
MLS players have filed a lawsuit to end the single-entity league.
The exhibit shows a young Lincoln before his status as an American legend.
The movie starring slain rapper Tupac Shakur is an authentic portrayal of junkie life.
The senator is entitled to apply his own interpretation of the Bible to his personal life.
We maintain a kind of juggling act as we try to keep tuition costs in line.
Shoshanna, a tabloid celebrity, has recently launched her own line of lingerie.
An Alabama Slammer , for instance, is made from fruit juice and sweetish liquors.
A tradition of the holiday season is to reflect upon the blessings in our lives.
Empowerment refers to helping people to freely exercise their power to direct their lives.
The collection is varied but most visitors come to see the works of the Dutch masters.
Many of these players tend to be arrogant and believe that the end justifies the means.
Recent outbreaks have stemmed from bad drinking water, apple juice, and hamburger meat.
New developments in the military operation in Iraq continued to dominate the news media.
Mescal is distilled from the juice of common types of maguey plants found in the Mexico.
Its acoustics are said to allow orations to be broadcast for miles.
If you visit Madrid, a side trip to the legendary city of Toledo should not be missed.
The owners gripe that players are destroying it from within by demanding too much money.
The Wine Market Council will launch a media campaign next month.
Muscles composed primarily of fast glycolytic fibers are needed for rapid movements.
We're all familiar with the Miranda warning, or at least how it sounds in the movies.
In the long run, worrying about most stuff probably doesn't matter much.
Most of the stage shows at the larger hotels features two types of music.
The actual history of the city-state of Athens is just as fascinating as its mythology.
The development of assessment tools to evaluate the support centers is needed.
The author tries to weave some personal experience into her novel.
They were examining her and trying to figure out why her arm went numb.
You get a lot of rapid market reaction to statements from the Fed or unemployment numbers.
The surf carnival was as much a public-relations exercise as a competitive occasion.
Over its long history, the cathedral has witnessed many momentous occasions.
Top Enron executives were free to exercise their stock options.
The company's 1996 shipment of unpasteurized apple juice led to an E. coli outbreak.
Many claims about the influence of popular culture are overblown.
And they named reading and writing as their favorite pastimes.
Infants can tell differences between sizes of objects and different colors and patterns.
Lottery players prefer a small chance of a big payout to a bigger chance of a smaller payout.
A young child goes through many growth and development phases.
Ibiza became a mere backwater, largely forgotten but for shipwreck or plague.
After a while, he hooked up each unit to a compact disc player.
Under Bird, he has settled in happily as a Pacers role player.
An obituary mourns Mona May Karff, a pioneering woman chess player.
In the daytime the temple attracts worshipers, and the park attracts mahjong players.
Muskrats are found in and around the mudbanks bordering marshes and quiet ponds.
The special agents in charge of the operation gained influence and power.
The superbly landscaped pond garden is an excellent spot for meditation and prayer.
The very simple interior provides the perfect environment for quiet reflection and prayer.
Ringing bells at temples is a way of telling the god to pay attention to a prayer.
The there-but-for-the-grace-of-God sequence almost justifies the movie's absurd premise.
A good paella is always made to order and takes about 30 minutes to prepare.
Your letter was so charming that Prudie almost forgot it was about a problem.
The patient had no family history of allergy to sulfa products.
It is a good ides to consult your physician before beginning an exercise program.
I am not familiar with the dates for the new building project.
Some entities may be involved in the management and liquidation of forfeited property.
Professional and amateur shadow-play troupes put on shows with puppets.
I tried to appear serene, hoping to convey a Buddhist quality.
Movies, that youthful medium, are Dolby loud; books are library quiet.
As you may know, this is an extraordinary year for council fund raising.
Some people think it would be fair if all taxpayers paid the same tax rate.
Equality is a curious relationship, and its model is arithmetic relations.
Not expecting a land attack, troops on the peninsula were ill-prepared to respond.
The manufacturer must deliver the ordered product quickly to the retailer.
Wal-Mart is the most well known of the early lean retailers.
An officer must trust his fellow officers, and expect their trust in return.
About 40 percent of all hard covers ordered by the chains are returned.
It is clear that interest rates are only one of several influences on investment returns.
A very long article summarizes research on circadian rhythms.
Nothing can be a greater symbol of feudalism than the hand-drawn rickshaw.
It is usually children who enjoy telling and listening to riddles.
It is not only our nationals who are entitled to basic human rights.
It's during times of fear when civil liberties are most at risk.
Trying to outwit the US Coast Guard was enormously profitable but also enormously risky .
When Lippmann launched his column in 1931, he had no serious rivals.
He recommended demolishing most of the ugly old warehouses along the river.
Sinatra then reportedly ripped the phone out of the wall and threw it across the room.
The Georgian Colonial featured five bedrooms, a swimming pool, and an exercise room.
Squabbles between the IRS and estates over fair market value are routine.
The media launched into saturation-coverage mode focusing on the latest scandal..
We made it out to Yellowstone and will never forget the gorgeous scenery.
Generally leaders on both sides prefer to keep their ties quiet and behind the scenes.
The island is mostly quiet, with a short, three-month summer season.
His job was to develop necessary protocols to address the issue of classroom security.
Ultimately, volunteer work benefits us at least as much as those we serve.
Paella is named after the large, shallow iron pan in which it is cooked and served.
There needs to be a system for making sure each team of workers does its fair share.
Off the East Coast, try deep-sea fishing for barracuda or shark.
The military has boats to launch, helicopters to land and guns to shoot.
Members are entitled to special discounts on merchandise in the museum gift shops.
A long weekend is coming up and the weather may be a little bit on the cool side
The FBI told us they found no trace of explosives at the crash sites.
The land was infertile, just a swampy plain, the river small and sluggish.
A self-identified member of the "elite" justified the group's snobbery.
Eleva, Wisconsin is said to have been named by the whim of a snowstorm.
Here in the Midwest we call it pop; I guess on the east coast you'd call it soda.
Chances are, if you're using a computer, you're running at least some Microsoft software.
The advent of rapid tests for diagnosing infection represents one part of the solution.
Such rapid change and reinvention results in what many call a city without a soul.
Writing, after all, is one of the best forms of exercise, good for body and soul.
A British court has ruled that the former murderer can be extradited to Spain.
Wild elephants and a curious variety of primitive monkey are among the protected species.
The thing to worry about now is what bulbs to order for next spring.
The problem with this book is knowing which entries are genuine and which are spurious.
Free agency and celebrity endorsements have exaggerated the influence of individual stars.
The premier attracted media, who came looking for gossip about the film's legendary stars.
Bin Laden's top priority was to launch a major attack directly against the United States.
It is unusual to consider the influence of diet in hormone sensitive research studies.
We did not know the duration of use of medications prior to the start of the study.
Prehistoric stone carvings show the continuity of totemic styles.
The judge ruled that the suit has virtually no likelihood of success.
When fire spreads from public to private land, the government often gets sued.
A curious enigma about Columbus is that no reliable likeness of him has ever survived.
Reeds grow at the edge of this cool blue spring where tiny fish swim.
The spot ends with the Nike slogan that is now as familiar as the swoosh.
The collaboration led to the development of a better, more secure system.
For inducement to be proved, officers must have used coercive or persuasive tactics.
The gallery is a forum for independent artists and has work for many different tastes.
Critics gave high praise for the reconstruction of the fabled Elizabethan theatre.
The director opposed some of the firm's policies but had little influence to stop them.
We make the best case we can based on the facts as we know them.
These athletes become their heroes, and the kids try to emulate them.
Our war on terror begins with al Qaeda, but it does not end there.
God told Adam and Eve to reproduce and rule over the world's living things.
He was familiar with the Civilian Conservation Corps back in the thirties
Try your hand at haggling and you are guaranteed to get a better price than you thought.
Having two big players in the market is not meaningfully different from having three.
He was desperate to get out of the cold, so he flagged a ride with his thumb.
Camp is now in full swing and the kids are having a great time.
She is both progressive and proper, having made it her business to keep up with the times.
The lessons of old are still the lessons we're trying to teach our children today.
Many of the fire and police agencies that responded had prior experience working together.
Software developers need to be very familiar with debugging tools.
You'll never have to look long or hard for music festivals in most towns.
This guy runs with his dog so he probably gets in enough training.
The first wave of publicity was of a familiar and negative type.
Major restoration was done, but further renovation and work on an extension are underway.
The major newspapers claim he is assured the endorsements of the unions.
Besides wealth and leisure, there's a long list of other things we value.
I guess we're so used to our freedoms here that we quickly forget their value.
Surprisingly, the actual sales of our manufactured coats showed no seasonal variation.
Most of the readers of this book will be familiar with the movie version.
Summer boasts long, warm days with strong sunlight and hazy views.
Vast numbers of shops and workshops line the long main street of the village.
Warlords control much of the country beyond Kabul, and the land is awash in weapons.
She returned to her watch, regarding her own reflection in the long window.
Pundits often remind us that history is written by the winners.
A bell tower was added by the Byzantines who named it Agia Sophia, meaning wisdom.
The union sought to standardize wages by setting piece rates for assembly work.
I am surrounded by exercise nuts, both in my family and at work.
Chocolate Truffle is way too rich to be eating before or during a workout.
Allow me to rule out a few of the myths and scams of the laundry world.
Perhaps there is an internal perspective from which cells know their world.
The Dead Sea is by far the lowest point of land in the world.
Western countries have urged China to conduct fair, competitive elections next year.
Members receive invitations to special events at various times throughout the year.
The least innovative apparel suppliers are seeing their chances for survival dwindle every year.
The country that uses the yen as its monetary unit is Japan.The philosopher Socrates' most famous student is named Plato.The city in Ontario that is the capitol of Canada is Ottawa.A type of cyclone that occurs over land is called a tornado.The name of the organ that produces insulin is the pancreas.The correct medical name of the collar bone is the clavicle.Frank Lloyd Wright was known professionally as an architect.The name of Dorothy's little dog in the Wizard of Oz is Toto.The last name of the man who invented the telegraph is Morse.The mathematician known as "The Father of Geometry" is Euclid.The football player known as "the Galloping Ghost" is Grange.The only metal that is liquid at room temperature is mercury.The name of cowboy personality Roy Roger's horse was Trigger.The name of the artist who painted the "Guernica" is Picasso.The name of the island on which Napoleon was born is Corsica.The lightest known kind of wood often used in crafts is balsa.The last name of the scientist who discovered radium is Curie.The African country which has Nairobi as its capitol is Kenya.The last name of the scientist who invented dynamite is Nobel.The name given to the liquid portion of whole blood is plasma.The European city in which the Parthenon is located is Athens.The last name of Alexander Graham Bell's assistant was Watson.The sport that uses the terms "gutter" and "alley" is bowling.The unit which measures the intensity of sound is the decibel.The highest mountain in the South American Andes is Aconcagua.One of the popular precious gems that is red-colored is a ruby.The name of the pet goldfish in the story of Pinocchio is Cleo.The type of snake Asian snake charmers typically use is a cobra.The country which uses the rupee as its monetary unit is India.The city that is the capitol of the state of Delaware is Dover.The name of an airplane that flies without an engine is a gliderThe capitol of Russia and the location of the Kremlin is MoscowThe last name of the man who invented the phonograph is Edison.The river spanned by the George Washington bridge is the Hudson.The last name of the playwright who wrote "Our Town" is Wilder.The name of the thick layer of fat found on a whale is blubber.The last name of the inventor of the wireless radio is Marconi.The famous knot that Alexander the Great undid was the Gordian.The country which has Buenos Aires as its capitol is Argentina.John Kenneth Galbraith is known professionally as an economist.The name of a giant ocean wave caused by an earthquake is tidal.The profession for which Emmett Kelly is known is that of clown.The last name of the author who wrote the book "1984" is Orwell.The name of Batman's butler in the Batman comic strip is Alfred.The last name of the composer of the "Maple Leaf Rag" is Joplin.The last name of the author who wrote "Oliver Twist" is Dickens.The last name of the author of the James Bond novels is Fleming.The physicist who proposed the theory of relativity is Einstein.The game in which playing pieces are crowned is called checkers.The country where gunpowder was invented and first used is China.The popular sport associated with Wimbledon in England is tennis.The last name of the author of the book "Little Women" is Alcott.The country that uses the drachma as its monetary unit is Greece.The brightest star in the sky excluding the sun is called Sirius.The famous composer who wrote the opera "Don Giovanni" is Mozart.The last name of the criminal known as "Billy the Kid" is Bonney.The spotted animal that runs the fastest on earth is the cheetah.The last name of the man who wrote "Canterbury Tales" is Chaucer.The European country that has Budapest as its capitol is Hungary.The kind of poison used by Socrates at his execution was hemlock.The South American city that is the capitol of Chile is Santiago.The city in which the U.S. Naval Academy is located is Annapolis.The famous artist who painted "The Persistence of Memory" is Dali.The last name of the artist who painted "American Gothic" is Wood.The last name of the poet who originally wrote "Don Juan" is Byron.The largest desert on earth is in Africa and is called the Sahara.The last name of the man who was the voice of Mr. Magoo is Backus.The last name of the author who wrote "Brave New World" is Huxley.The name of the largest and deepest ocean on earth is the Pacific.The last name of the Cuban leader overthrown by Castro is Batista.The last name of the boy in the book "Treasure Island" is Hawkins.The term that describes speed as a nautical mile per hour is a knot.The name of the judge known as "the law west of the Pecos" is Bean.The last name of the man who supposedly killed Jesse James is Ford.The last name of the man who assassinated Abraham Lincoln is Booth.The game which uses a rubber ball and little metal pieces is jacks.The last name of the male star of the movie "Casablanca" is Bogart.The rubber roller on a old-fashioned typewriter is called a platen.The name of the furry animal that attacks cobra snakes is mongoose.The brand of cigarette to have the first flip-top box was Marlboro.The largest island in the world, excluding Australia, is Greenland.The name of the roman emperor who fiddled while Rome burned is Nero.The last name of the second President of the United States is Adams.The last name of the author of the Sherlock Holmes stories is Doyle.The last name of the European author who wrote "The Trial" is Kafka.The city where the Cotton Bowl football game takes place is Dallas. The last name of the inventor of the steamboat "Clermont" is Fulton.The last name of the movie actor who portrayed Spartacus is Douglas.The last name of the French author who wrote "The Stranger" is Camus.The name of the city in Italy that is known for its canals is Venice.The last name of the criminal who was known as "Scarface" is Capone. The South American country where Angel Falls is located is Venezuela.The name of the captain of the Pequod in the book "Moby Dick" is Ahab.The mountain range that separates Asia from Europe is called the Ural.The last name of the first pilot to fly solo around the world is Post.The game in which the standard pieces are of Staunton design is chess.The sport in which the terms "stones" and "brooms" are used is curlingThe deepest part of the ocean is located at the trench called Mariana.The ancient city where the "Hanging Gardens" were located is Babylon.The last name of the female star of the movie "Casablanca" is Bergman.The middle-eastern country that has Bagdad as its capitol city is Iraq.The crime in which a building is purposely set on fire is called arson.The name of the legendary one-eyed giant in Greek mythology is Cyclops.The last name of the first person to set foot on the moon is Armstrong.The name of the short pleated skirt worn by men in Scotland is the kilt.The last name of Batman's secret identity in the Batman comics is Wayne.The last name of the American who starred in the 1936 Olympics is Owens.The commander who lost the battle of the Little Bighorn River is Custer.The last name of the man who began the Reformation in Germany is Luther.The last name of the most popular pin-up girl of World War II is Grable.The last name of the woman who founded the American Red Cross is Barton.The name of the play in which Elwood P. Dowd is a character is "Harvey".The name of the constellation that looks like a flying horse is Pegasus.The name of the company that produces "Baby Ruth" candy bars is Curtiss.The last name of Dagwood's boss in the comic strip "Blondie" is Dithers.The legendary military commander Hannibal was from the city of Carthage.The ship that carried the Pilgrims to American in 1620 is the Mayflower.The last name of the villainous captain in the story "Peter Pan" is Hook.The name of the ocean located between Africa and Australia is the Indian.The unit of measure that refers to a six-foot depth of water is a fathom.The last name of the boxer who later became known as Mohammed Ali is Clay.The last name of the man who created the comic strip "Lil' Abner" is Capp.The name of the horse-like animal with black and white stripes is a zebra.The fountain in Rome in which coins are thrown for good luck is the Trevi.The first movie to received the Academy Award for Best Picture is" Wings".The last name of the discoverer of the vaccination for smallpox is Jenner.The musical which features the song "Baubles Bangles and Beads" is Kismet.The name of the extinct reptiles known as "terrible lizards" is dinosaurs.The leader of the Argonauts in their quest for the Golden Fleece was Jason.The last name of the author who wrote "The Agony and the Ecstasy" is Stone.The actor who portrayed Dr. Watson in the Sherlock Holmes series was Bruce.The last name of the man who wrote the poem "It Couldn't Be Done" is Guest.The last name of the mythical giant lumberjack who has a blue ox is Bunyan.The last name of the twenty-first President of the United States is Arthur.The condition characterized by the inability to sleep is known as insomnia.A severe headache that is often accompanied by nausea is called a migraine.The sport in which a rider on horseback hits a ball with his mallet is polo.The last name of the actor in the role of Perry Mason on television is Burr.The captain of the British ship "Bounty" when the mutiny occurred was Bligh.For many successive years in the 1960's the Racehorse of the Year was Kelso.The last name of the actor known as "the man of a thousand faces" is Chaney.The last name of the songwriter who wrote the song "I Love Paris" is Porter.The spear like object that is thrown during a track meet is called a javelin.The breed of cat that has blue eyes and distinctive markings is the Siamese.The crime in which a person purposely betrays his country is called treason.The last name of the boxer who was known as the "Manassa Mauler" is Dempsey.The name of the automobile instrument that measures mileage is the odometer.The city where Michelangelo's famous statue of David is located is Florence.The Egyptian queen who joined forces with Mark Antony of Rome was Cleopatra.The name of the large hairy spider that lives near bananas is the tarantula.The kind of metal that is associated with a 50th wedding anniversary is gold.The woman who supposedly designed and sewed the first American flag was Ross.The sport in which the Stanley Cup is awarded to the champion team is hockey.The last name of the radio broadcaster for the "War of the Worlds" is Welles.The last name of the songwriter who wrote "How Deep is the Ocean?" is Berlin.The remains of plants and animals that are found in stone are called fossils.The name of the small Japanese stove used for outdoor cooking is the hibachi.The cosmonaut who was the first person to orbit around the earth was Gagarin.The second and shortest race of horse-racings' Triple Crown is the Preakness.The last name of the actor who portrayed Sergeant Friday on "Dragnet" is Webb.The desert people who wander instead of living in one place are called nomads.The last name of the man who assassinated President John F. Kennedy is Oswald.The last name of the man who showed that lightning is electricity is Franklin.The last name of Flash's girlfriend in the comic strip "Flash Gordon" is Arden.The last name of the British Admiral who won the Battle of Trafalgar is Nelson.The last name of the first woman to swim across the English Channel is Ederle. The name for a medical doctor who specializes in cutting the body is a surgeon.The rubber object that is hit back and forth by hockey players is called a puck.The last name of the doctor who first developed a vaccine against polio is Sauk.The name of the river in Germany where the city of Bonn is located is the Rhine.The name of the bird that is the largest on earth and cannot fly is the ostrich.The name of the chapel whose ceiling was painted by Michelangelo is the Sistine.The name of the three-leaf clover that is the emblem of Ireland is the shamrock.The last name of the first signer of the Declaration of Independence is Hancock.The nuclear submarine that sunk in the Atlantic in 1963 was called the Thresher.The town through which Lady Godiva supposedly made her famous ride was Coventry.The name of the mountain range in which Mt. Everest is located is the Himalayas.The only word the raven says in Edgar Allen Poe's poem "The Raven" is nevermore.In the Aesop's Fables story a thorn is removed from the lion's paw by Androcles.The term for hitting a volleyball down hard into the opponent's court is a spike.The unsuccessful auto that was manufactured by Ford from 1957-1959 was the Edsel.The last name of the man who created the comic strip "Woody Woodpecker" is Lantz.A ski race where the downhill skier makes sharp turns around poles is the slalom.The island-city believed since antiquity to have sunk into the ocean is Atlantis.The last name of the playwright who wrote "A Streetcar Named Desire" is Williams.The player with the highest lifetime batting average in the major leagues is Cobb.The last name of the brothers who flew the first airplane at Kitty Hawk is Wright.The last name of the man who was President directly after James Madison is Monroe.The baseball player who pitched a perfect game in the 1956 World Series is Larsen.Germany's largest battleship that was sunk in World War II was called the Bismarck.The Union ironclad ship that fought the Confederate ironclad Merrimack is Monitor.The last name of the first person to reach the summit of Mount Everest is Hillary.The last name of the first man to run the mile in under four minutes is Bannister.The Apollo lunar module that landed the first man on the moon was called the Eagle.The last name of the man who is regarded as the national poet of Scotland is Burns.The last name of the man who first studied genetic inheritance in plants is Mendel.The name for the astronomical bodies that enter the earth's atmosphere are meteors.The last name of the author who wrote under the pseudonym of Mark Twain is Clemens.The first person to complete a solo flight across the Atlantic ocean was Lindbergh.The last name of the actor who played Rhett Butler in "Gone With the Wind" is Gable.The last name of the magician and escape artist who died of appendicitis is Houdini.The last name of the singer who popularized a dance known as the "Twist" is Checker.The navigation instrument used at sea to plot position by the stars is the sextant. The Indian college in Pennsylvania for which Jim Thorpe played football is Carlisle.The last name of the jockey with the most lifetime wins in horse racing is ShoemakerThe substance derived from a whale that is used to make perfume is called ambergris.The name of the poker hand in which all of the cards are of the same suit is a flush.The Italian city that was destroyed when Mount Vesuvius erupted in 79 A.D. is Pompeii.The supposedly unsinkable ship that sunk on its maiden voyage in 1912 is the Titanic.The name of the first artificial satellite put in orbit by Russia in 1957 is Sputnik.The last name of the boxer who won the boxing title from John L. Sullivan is Corbett.The name of the hillbilly family known for a famous feud with the McCoys is Hatfield.The name of the man who was most responsible for photographing the Civil War is Brady.The name of the man who rode horseback to warn that the British were coming is Revere.The term in golf referring to a score of one under par on a particular hole is birdie.The name of the ship on which Charles Darwin made his scientific voyage is the Beagle.The town on the "Andy Griffith Show" where Andy Griffith was the sheriff was Mayberry.The molten rock that runs down the side of a volcano during an eruption is called lava.The name of the doctor who performed the first successful heart transplant was Barnard.The avenue that immediately follows Atlantic Avenue in the game of monopoly is Ventnor.The name of the submarine in Jules Verne's "20000 Leagues Under the Sea" is Nautilus.The baseball player who had the most home runs in a single season prior to 1961 is Ruth.The name of the actor who portrayed the father on the show "Father Knows Best" is Young.The actor who received the Best Actor award for the movie "On the Waterfront" is Brando.The last name of the pilot of the U-2 spy plane shot down over Russia in 1960 is Powers.The last name of the actor who portrayed the sheriff in the movie "High Noon" is Cooper.The instrument used to plot position relative to the magnetic North Pole is the compass.The unit of electrical power that equals a current of one ampere at one volt is a watt.  The FBI agent character portrayed by Robert Stack on the show "The Untouchable" was Ness.The last name of the ventriloquist who provided the voice for Charlie McCarthy is Bergen.The actress who received the Best Actress award for the movie "Mary Poppins" was Andrews.The name of the singer who made a hit recording of the song "Who's Sorry Now" is Francis.The wicked people who lived underground in the book "The Time Machine" were the Morlocks.The name of the lizard that changes its color to match the surroundings is the chameleon.The name of the project which developed the atomic bomb during World War II is Manhattan.The man who said "I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country" was Hale.The Union general who defeated the Confederate Army at the Battle of Gettysburg was Meade.The last name of the first American author to win the Nobel Prize for Literature is Henry.The name of the comic strip character who eats spinach to increase his strength is Popeye.The last name of the singer who recorded "Heartbreak Hotel" and "All Shook Up" is Presley.The name of the cat that spoke to Alice in "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" is Cheshire.The criminal who was killed by FBI agents outside of a Chicago movie theater is Dillinger.